Order whatever you want to eat today
Let me get this.
Just keep it simple.
Don't think about saving me money
I just made a fortune.
Then
Have a chicken stewed with mushrooms
Stewed chicken with mushrooms
Oh, right.
I don't know what you do yet.
OK
As soon as you came up, you asked me what I did for a living
I'm not telling you.
I hate to say that.
Hey that
That's not yours.
Li Fang, you are still with this woman
Does it really seem that this has nothing to do with you?
Miss Xia, you know each other?
He's my husband.
No, brother-in-law
How could you marry someone like that?
But it doesn't matter.
You met me
I will definitely make you very happy in the future.
Scumbag you know him
Of course I do.
He's my colleague
To be precise, it should be a former colleague
He is the project manager of the development
And I'm the manager.
I fired him today.
You are fired yes
But there will be compensation.
Lin Feng, are you stupid?
Unexcused absenteeism and compensation
It's not bedtime yet, and you're dreaming.
Why didn't you tell me about Lin Feng's firing?
Why should I tell you, Lin Feng?
Be polite
If you dare to face the lower corner again, it will be unreasonable
Be careful I let you walk around
What the hell are you?
How dare you ask me to be polite
Get away from me